Check Odds API for BTTS market odds (Yes/No)
Calculate BTTS probability from xG stats:
If both teams have xG > 1.0/game AND both face weak defenses (xGA > 1.2) → High BTTS probability
Use scoring rates + defensive vulnerability for each team
Display BTTS prediction in match details alongside 1X2 and Over/Under
Show confidence based on xG consistency and market consensus
UI Display:

Add BTTS card showing: "Both Teams Score: Yes 65% | No 35%"
Include tooltip explaining: "Based on scoring rates and defensive stats"
Highlight value bets when our xG model differs from market odds
Would you like me to implement this? I'll:

Check Odds API for BTTS markets
Add BTTS probability calculation using xG/xGA
Display BTTS predictions in match details
Add BTTS tooltip with reasoning
36 seconds of work
YES , but I still don't see the button for 5years span xG /xG1

23 minutes ago

Show less

Investigated button visibility issue
Let me check what's actually displaying and see why the button isn't showing up:

Checked system logs

Checked button rendering status
Good news - I can see from the logs that FBref is now working! It successfully fetched match logs for Fulham and Arsenal. Let me check what you're actually seeing on screen:


Took a screenshot

Searched for Premier League button code
I see - you're currently viewing Champions League matches. The button will only appear for Premier League matches (and other leagues where FBref data loads).

Let me verify the button code is in place:


Executed rg -C 2 -n 'Show Career Stats.*2021-2025' football_predictor/templates/index.html

Decided on button visibility logic
✅ The button code is there! (lines 2859 & 2946)

The button appears when:

FBref season xG data loads (it's conditional)
Career data hasn't been loaded yet
To see it:

Click "Premier League" button at the top
Click any PL match (e.g., Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool)
Wait for match context to load (~5-10 seconds)
Look below the "xG For (Season)" and "xGA (Season)" stats
You'll see the blue button: "Show Career Stats (2021-2025)"
The button won't appear for:

Champions League matches (FBref doesn't have full CL data)
If FBref is rate-limited (fallback to Understat only)
If career stats already loaded
Try clicking a Premier League match now - the logs show FBref is working! 🎯

51 seconds of work
it's not there

19 minutes ago

Show less

Decided on context data checks
Let me check what's actually loading when you click a match:

Checked system logs

Determined display function call (8 seconds)
I see the problem! Looking at the logs, FBref IS working (✅ Found 7 completed matches), but I need to check which display function is being used. There are TWO different places where xG stats are shown:

Simple view (displayTeamStats function) - around line 1977
Side-by-side view (displayMatchContextData function) - around line 2729
I only added the button to the side-by-side view. Let me check which one you're seeing and add the button to BOTH locations:


Opened football_predictor/templates/index.html

Decided on button placement logic
Ah, I found the issue! There are two different display modes for match context:

Simple view (displayTeamStats function) - Used for simpler layouts
Side-by-side view (displayMatchContextData function) - Used for detailed layouts
I only added the button to the side-by-side view (lines 2812, 2899), but NOT to the simple view.

The button needs to be added in the displayTeamStats() function as well, right after the FBref season xG stats display (around line 2030-2040).

Would you like me to add the "Show Career Stats" button to BOTH display functions so it appears regardless of which layout is used?

39 seconds of work
yes + the bTTS we agreed on

3 minutes ago
Optimized Agent memory

Planned adding career stats button (8 seconds)
Perfect! I'll add the career stats button to both display locations AND implement BTTS (Both Teams To Score) predictions using xG/xGA stats plus market odds.

Here's my plan:

Career Stats Button Fix:

Add the "Show Career Stats (2021-2025)" button to the simple displayTeamStats() function (currently only in side-by-side view)
This ensures the button appears in ALL match layouts
BTTS Predictions:

Fetch BTTS odds from The Odds API (they support "btts" market)
Calculate BTTS probability using both teams' xG/xGA stats (if Team A scores xG goals and Team B concedes xGA, what's the probability both score?)
Display BTTS predictions alongside 1X2 and O/U 2.5 with probability percentage and best odds
Show market consensus and value indicators
Let me create a task list to implement both features:

59 seconds of work
